dialogue.unavailable	Dialogue unavailable.
quest.stage1-talk-book.start	I'm terrible at talking??if only I had the 'Silver Tongue Handbook'!!!
quest.stage1-talk-book.completion	Good??I can speak now. Everyone, listen to me and walk out calmly!
quest.stage1-attendance.start	I need to know who got out of the classroom??the emergency roll book should be on a front desk.
quest.stage1-attendance.completion	Confirmed. Some of them went into the corridor. Let?셳 follow.
quest.stage2-bandage.start	There is a compression bandage in locker 304. The code is 0304??we gave up on security long ago.
quest.stage2-bandage.completion	There. I can move on my own now. Thank you.
quest.stage2-broadcast-key.start	We need an emergency broadcast. I taped the broadcast room master key behind the lost & found board.
quest.stage2-broadcast-key.completion	Good. I will run the evacuation broadcast to the end of the corridor. Keep going!
quest.stage3-whistle.start	Everyone is panicking??with my whistle I could gather them to one side.
quest.stage3-whistle.completion	Right, I will get everyone in order. You open the gym exit!
quest.stage3-scoreboard-fuse.start	If we power the north scoreboard we can display the exit direction. The spare fuse is in the ball cart.
quest.stage3-scoreboard-fuse.completion	The scoreboard lights up and an arrow toward the exit appears.
quest.stage4-allergy-list.start	I want to hand out the leftover food, but I have no allergy list. It should be on the east prep table.
quest.stage4-allergy-list.completion	Now I can hand it out safely. I will not make anyone else sick.
quest.stage4-gas-valve.start	The cook line is leaking gas! The red valve handle rolled toward the sink.
quest.stage4-gas-valve.completion	The valve is shut. The cook line flames and hissing die down.
matilda.entry	Ohohoho! Give me a rice cake and I won?셳 eat you!
matilda.death	Ohohoho!!!!! You look delicious!!!!
matilda.gameover	Matilda took your soul!!
intro.stage1.001	The hearts of students who hated studying turned them into zombies…
intro.stage1.002	And the teachers who hated working turned too.
intro.stage1.003	I have to get out of here. This place is… a zombie school!
